Update readme.txt (#41167)
woocommerce/woocommerce: plugins/woocommerce/readme.txt

For extending or theming WooCommerce, see our [codex](https://woo.com/documentation/plugins/woocommerce/woocommerce-codex/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=wordpress.org&utm_campaign=wp_org_repo_listing), as well as the [Plugin Developer Handbook](https://woo.com/document/create-a-plugin/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=wordpress.org&utm_campaign=wp_org_repo_listing).

= Where can I get help or talk to other users about WooCommerce Core? =

If you get stuck, you can ask for help in the [WooCommerce Support Forum](https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/woocommerce/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=wordpress.org&utm_campaign=wp_org_repo_listing) by following [these guidelines](https://wordpress.org/support/topic/guide-to-the-woocommerce-forum/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=wordpress.org&utm_campaign=wp_org_repo_listing), reach out via the [WooCommerce Community Slack](https://woo.com/community-slack/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=wordpress.org&utm_campaign=wp_org_repo_listing), or post in the [WooCommerce Community group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/advanced.woocommerce?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=wordpress.org&utm_campaign=wp_org_repo_listing) on Facebook.

> = Where can I get help for extensions I have purchased on WooCommerce.com? =

Reviewer: Updating per [this discussion](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/pull/41167#issuecomment-1789376834): 

```suggestion
= Where can I get help for extensions I have purchased from the WooCommerce Marketplace? =
```

> For assistance with paid extensions from the WooCommerce.com Marketplace: first, review our [self-service troubleshooting guide](https://woo.com/document/woocommerce-self-service-guide/). If the problem persists, kindly log a support ticket via [our helpdesk](https://woo.com/my-account/create-a-ticket/). Our dedicated Happiness Engineers aim to respond within 24 hours.

Reviewer: Updating per [this discussion](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/pull/41167#issuecomment-1789376834):

```suggestion
For assistance with paid extensions from the WooCommerce Marketplace: first, review our [self-service troubleshooting guide](https://woo.com/document/woocommerce-self-service-guide/). If the problem persists, kindly log a support ticket via [our helpdesk](https://woo.com/my-account/create-a-ticket/). Our dedicated Happiness Engineers aim to respond within 24 hours.
```

> = I’m having trouble logging in to WooCommerce.com – what now? =

Reviewer: Updating per [this discussion](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/pull/41167#issuecomment-1789376834):

```suggestion
= I’m having trouble logging in to Woo.com – what now? =
```
